README.rst, before:

===========
chordparser
===========

A Python 3 package that provides a musical framework to analyse chords.

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/titus-ong/chordparser.svg?branch=master
   :alt: build status
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/titus-ong/chordparser

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/titus-ong/chordparser/badge.svg?branch=master
   :alt: coverage
   :target: https://coveralls.io/github/titus-ong/chordparser

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/chordparser.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/pypi/chordparser
   :alt: downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/chordparser.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/pypi/chordparser
   :alt: downloads

.. include:: docs/whatiscp.rst

.. include:: docs/whycp.rst

--------
Features
--------

* Create and manipulate notes, keys, scales and chords easily
* Accept complex chord notations
* Transpose musical classes easily and accurately
* Automatically generate notes for scales and chords from notation
* Parse and store chord information to be easily analysed
* Generate roman numeral notation from chords
* Analyse chord-key/scale relationships

------------
Installation
------------

To install chordparser, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install chordparser

-----
Usage
-----

For a quick introduction and working example, check out the `Colab notebook <https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1T5WcH2WMHqpqbJrzxDt_Mg03lw1aXho7?usp=sharing>`_.

The full documentation can be found `here <>`_.

----------
Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: github.com/titus-ong/chordparser/issues
- Source Code: github.com/titus-ong/chordparser

-------
Support
-------

If you are having issues, please let me know at: titusongyl@gmail.com

.. include:: AUTHORS.rst

-------
License
-------

The project is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Fix README to not include text from docs

README.rst, after:

===========
chordparser
===========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/titus-ong/chordparser.svg?branch=master
   :alt: build status
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/titus-ong/chordparser

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/titus-ong/chordparser/badge.svg?branch=master
   :alt: coverage
   :target: https://coveralls.io/github/titus-ong/chordparser

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/chordparser.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/pypi/chordparser
   :alt: downloads

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/chordparser.svg
   :target: https://pypi.org/pypi/chordparser
   :alt: downloads

chordparser is a Python 3 package that provides a musical framework to analyse chords. Chord notation can be parsed into Chords, which can then be analysed against other chords or the key of the song.

--------
Features
--------

* Create and manipulate notes, keys, scales and chords easily
* Accept complex chord notations
* Transpose musical classes easily and accurately
* Automatically generate notes for scales and chords from notation
* Parse and store chord information to be easily analysed
* Generate roman numeral notation from chords
* Analyse chord-key/scale relationships

------------
Installation
------------

To install chordparser, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install chordparser

-----
Usage
-----

For a quick introduction and a working example, check out the `Colab notebook <https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1T5WcH2WMHqpqbJrzxDt_Mg03lw1aXho7?usp=sharing>`_.

The full documentation can be found `here <https://chordparser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

----------
Contribute
----------

- Issue Tracker: github.com/titus-ong/chordparser/issues
- Source Code: github.com/titus-ong/chordparser

-------
Support
-------

If you are having issues, please let me know at: titusongyl@gmail.com

.. include:: AUTHORS.rst

-------
License
-------

The project is licensed under the MIT license.
